Make the bot add branch labels/title-prefixes to the pull requests targeting non-main branch (#348)
hibernate/hibernate-github-bot: README.md

      # Tasks specific to the improvement issue type:
      improvement:
         - improvement task1

> branchLabel:
>   # Make the bot add a label with the name of base ref when a pull requests target a non-main branch. 
>   enabled: true
>   # Additionally add the title prefix in a format "[base-ref]"
>   titlePrefix: true

Reviewer: Maybe make the feature more customizable? AFAICS that wouldn't cost much.

```suggestion
branches:
  # Make the bot add a label with the name of base ref when a pull requests target a non-main branch. 
  label: "branch-%s"
  # Additionally add the title prefix in a format "[base-ref]"
  titlePrefix: "[%s]"
```
